INTERGALACTIC NUMERALS CONVERTER
- by: Dito Hartoto

Contents:
- Versions
- Summary
- Design
- Instructions
- Limitations
- Assumptions

Versions:
- ruby version 2.2.0
- rspec 3.2.3

Summary:
- This Ruby CLI application was built to practice my Object Oriented Design.
The application is built for fictitious intergalactic metal merchants with two
use cases:

1) Intergalactic metal merchants use the application to convert Intergalactic
numerals to human numerals. For example 'prok glob' converts to 4.

2) They also use the application to calculate the total value of materials
from intergalactic numerals. For example 'prok glob platinum' calculates the
value of 4 units of platinum ($20 see below), which equals $80.

Metal Merchants record values of the Intergalactic numerals in a note.txt file,
which is imported and used for conversion. The note.txt file is in the following
format and saved in the 'public' folder:
  glob is I
  prok is V
  pish is X
  tegj is L

Intergalactic numerals are similar to roman numerals. The table below lists the
value of each intergalactic numeral:

  1   = I = glob
  5   = V = prok
  10  = X = pish
  50  = L = tegj
  100 = C = zyah

Intergalactic metal merchants trade in 4 types of metal with fixed market value:
  silver   = $17
  gold     = $14,450
  iron     = $195.5
  platinum = $20

Design:
- The application has the following objects:
  - QueryEngine: responsibility is to direct user query through validation to conversion.
  - Query: responsibility is to holds the users query.
  - Note: responsible for importing note.txt file.
  - MaterialsValidator: responsible for validating if the material entered is valid.
  - GalacticNumeralsValidator: responsible for validating if the intergalactic
    numerals entered by the user is correct.
  - RomanNumerals: responsible for converting from intergalactic numerals to
    roman numerals.
  - RomanNumeralsValidator: responsible for checking if the user input passes the
    roman numerals rules as stated in the assignment (see Assumptions).
  - RomanNumeralsConverter: responsible for converting roman numerals to integers

- The application has 1 module:
  - RomanReference: provides the method to convert from single roman symbols to
    integers. This is shared between RomanNumeralsConverter and RomanNumeralsValidator.

Instructions:
- Note file is stored in the public folder.
- To run the application enter 'ruby converter.rb' from the applications
  root directory.
- The application will prompt you on what to do.
  - Choose 1 if you only want to convert intergalactic (IG) numerals
  - Choose 2 if you want to calculate the total credit of materials given in
    IG numerals.
  - Choose 3 to exit the application.
  - The application will continue until 3 is selected.

To run the tests enter 'rspec' from the application root
